Add doc on Telemetry API Tracing configuration (#9572)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/tasks/observability/distributed-tracing/configurability/_index.md

---
title: Configuration

> description: This task shows you how to configure Istio tracing behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: This task guides you on how to configure Istio tracing behavior.
```
